Talk to me, maicon beauty guys here.
starting another gta5 video for you guys
People here today bringing another hate.
For you, this is fine.
crazy too so why
I selected here by bringing the channel that is
da ferrari f40 well look how it was
This expensive load looks at the bug and oh
fucking jet fighter for fleeing the
audio is not well going to bomb was me
I ended up discovering a stop that was
doing wrong here that can turn
it's also looking like the headlights
and it was the configuration here in the
My view on the guy who was
running away with the parade but I already fixed it
you can see now the boom engine is a
curtain inside you will see
looks the guys here inside is show
Look, look at this.
I 'll open the back for you later.
But I wanted to highlight one more
here in this template
working is also O face speedometer
Look at this, the woman is ball show.
Look, there you are, it's on.
all old tunja
I saw some people saying that they do not give
to make the car expensive for the bosses
car only, you have to use the
hate menu to facilitate is for you
take bye and say
let's take a look at her pot
opening her all gabriela galera do
this only comes here at customs doors open
the dose
the outdoor us our lady that poet né
fucking good that steals that fukuda and that
old
Come on, people. Look at this.
cello kutilda glance that could vote
in the first person out there
then the motorzão the ball motorzão not O
Sir, look at the inside of everything.
right
fucking fucking jet that scare
Our law was out of the hours to bounce the ball.
between now we're going to close
I came here the cross of the billboard only ready
closed and she was already pretty as pies
guy is fucking fucking is also
show you here
the organization can also put everything
In color
sport has not changed because it has to be
that they can there but is that the co
always gives to exchange can not go wrong
play if you can put the neon that is
seeing he attacked none from below
I like it more, here it is okay.
Crazy things look at this option
here just have to put that I will
to make it better, right?
the wheels
I did not try to change it would not be worth more
you should probably give to change yes
Let's see that someone went there button high
end
but the wheels that are in the window
I think at the time you thought that the
stock
That's it , well, that's it.
I hope you have enjoyed another one.
Epic car there for you if you liked it.
know that leaves him favorite for
help in spreading
no more, this is a hug, stay in peace and
until the next video spoke the